shopping frenzy out there convert stores the question is are all the deals as good as a seaman are they worth the fight
ready or not on this night before the newest deadline for the government healthcare website what is a ministration is saying all those whom I try to log on
Richard Engel tonight with US troops in Afghanistan war a much needed holiday break in last long and came to a sudden who serve for a job that requires heavy lifting employers are fun to get paid to turn off those who carry the load in the face
nightly news
New York NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams
dreaming in some places
cross this country tonight it's as if someone out were in danger of running out of stuff and those who need stuff have better go out and buy it now cause its going away forever
it is that day on the yearly calendar when people still in recovery from thanks giving head out
to be part of a massive crowds streaming through malls in stores in some cases whipped into a crazed violin frenzy
and how ever much web retailing has taken hold in this country forever today was the vote in the old fashion shopping from 1 in the country to the other
listen live tonight at the Mall of America Minnesota in the Park Meadows mall outside of Denver and then there's John Young in Chicago to start a soft jacket
good evening Brian early indications are the big box stores strategy of opening earlier on Thursday to make a paid off for them but isn't working out for shoppers
the bargain hunters Cayman Way starting Thursday
today leaving some shoppers exhausted fathers invigorating
on youtube videos Black Friday shopping contacts
idea that the other consumers might be getting a dealer getting a sailor pay less money for something that we also want to buy is a very motivating
factor numbers to just a strong start
97 million American said they plan to shop today up from 89 Million last year between 6 and 10 p.m. Last night Walmart
10 million cash register transactions 2.8 million towels 2 million televisions 1.9 million dollars
it seems like to shop for electronics big box stores
peril at the department stores as a day war
very good I had 50 percent off everything I bought you can get anywhere else 7 Black Friday
analous a buyer beware Woody's products designed to sell Asus price of Bentley absolutely amber Lily planning your around exactly what they sell the working with the manufactures
according to the website nerdwallet.com macys is promoting a blender for 2694
what is sold for almost 7 dollars left drain a Veterans Day sale & K Mart is advertising a 60 inch TV 47 9999 the same price as their Labor Day sale
in response Macy says it has compelling promotions throughout the year Kmart says they offer great deals not just on one day
images much about excitement deals
upside Miami 18 year old Amanda Lopez Kamal with friends
credit card